hey guys about 90% of this video is just
Dom Bower talking everyone knows Dom
horse Channel he's a great example of a
small channel but everyone within the
vegan demi-monde already knows him at
his work I was not the first person to
report that Mike the vegan is lying to
you about cancer I think I was the first
person to report and provide
peer-reviewed studies proving that he
was lying to you about marijuana what I
find disturbing about this well I want
to play you this edited down version of
Dom about dr. Tom the bauer
compartes report about Mike the vegan it
is that we do have a response from Mike
after the fact of this when Mike gets
caught lying the same way I caught him
lying about the research on marijuana
causing brain damage he just gets dug in
and he keeps on lying so I'm gonna put
up the screenshot of how Mike the vegan
respond to this with a few more comments
from me otherwise take it away Dom I has
he's got three resources and this is
where everyone should always check where
is the person in guessing their their
advice wrong oh is this you know is some
of the research done by vegan you know
there's a bit of bias in the in the idea
of the research or is there a bit of
bias in the reading of the conclusions
of certain research or just great I'm a
vegan I read that they cut down on their
fat intake so therefore they're vegan
and that's why they're cured - we're
gonna look into just now so the first
one was blood dripped on cancer study 1
so this sounds absolutely is drip blood
on cancer it kills cells so it starts
off with saying that it was to
investigate a diet and exercise
intervention for people with breast
cancer or or with risks of breast cancer
so straight ways like okay it's not it's
not just about a vegan diet there's
there's also a whole component of
Mirabal here of exercise just checking
in the in the title is there any word or
veganism no there's not
okay the only thing which is mentioned
is a low-fat high-fiber diet you can it
doesn't have to mean a a low protein
diet or or a high carb diet or not
that's just that's that so yeah that
doesn't necessarily totally mean vegan
so let's if we go into the actual
research is there anything tell us more
about it so we can't get into the phil
research but we can't give the abstract
which is essentially it tells you
everything you need to know so it's
saying these were four women were placed
on a low-fat between ten to fifteen
percent of their calorie intake low-fat
diet high-fiber 40 a 30 to 40 grams per
thousand calories per day so if you're
having 2,000 calories a day you're
having 80 grams of fiber
Wow that's that is a lot of fiber there
I suspect that may have been through
some form of supplementation depending
on how they the the methods that they
use for understanding what people's
doubts were I think a lot of the time it
will be
there's some serious supplementation
going on to make sure that they're
getting enough of that fiber it was like
bottles of bran flakes that louvière
eating and then here's the confounding
bit and attended daily extra exercise
classes for two weeks so in the end it
goes and these these results show that a
very low-fat very high fiber diet
combined with daily exercise results in
major reductions in the risk factors for
breast breast cancer cool when subjects
remain even while subjects from remained
overweight or obese so again this is for
people so here's the third confounding
variable of this research this lot
there's one it's only women too
it's overweight / obese women on 3rd
there's exercise as well as the diet and
forth
there's nothing stating that's it's
technically a vegan diet so look guys
you heard me mention this in a recent
video on an unrelated topic one of my
main problems with the activist group
direct action everywhere DXE is that
they make mistakes they tell lies and we
never get them later apologizing or
changing their position or admitting
they made a mistake or saying look we're
not going to do that again we've changed
our strategy or tactics or something
along those lines we get a totally
dishonest reply from Mike the vegan here
in which he absolutely does not accept
responsibility for lying intentionally
lying to his audience and not retracting
it not not taking the video down and
deleting it or not say uploading a
corrected video or an apology video
clarifying what he lied to you about if
you don't want to do harm if you
actually think you're better than the
people you demonize is representing the
meat and dairy industry you have to
actually be better than them you can't
just sit there and complain that the egg
board and the dairy board are putting
out false facts as pseudoscience and
convenient half-truths and
misinformation when you do exactly the
same thing saying one vegan blood kills
prostate cancer study I am told that
brilliant if vegan blood somehow kills
prostate cancer fantastic anybody I know
that's got prostate cancer I can send
this to them and say look beat this and
get an idea of of what what is like okay
so what we can do oh can we preview the
article we can cool let's have a look at
this let's see where do they mention
veganism here in the method they say
serum was obtained from three groups of
similarly similarly aged men so first of
all we've got the control we have the
diet and exercise of the exercise alone
we're used to
ln c AP sales in culture so that must be
the paint that was it the prostate
cancer sales so it's saying the diet and
exercise and the exercise alone groups
had lor serum insulin and igf-1 but
higher blah blah blah compared to
control sonar words italian exercise
that was good the exercise alone is good
so if you are coming from c he let's do
exercise to beat cancer kind of idea so
far i haven't seen the word vegan but I
have seen exercise the loan group
potentially is reducing cancer cool so
conclusions from this one a low-fat diet
and or intensive exercise results and
change searing hormones and growth
factors in vivo that can reduce growth
and induce a po-po apoptosis apoptosis
which is cell death of prostate tumor
cells oh we're getting there is that it
was its a low-fat diet so not
necessarily vegan diet and not
necessarily he was the diet it did it
because it looks like also the exercise
did it he absolutely does not accept
responsibility for lying intentionally
lying to his audience and not retracting
it not not taking the video down and
deleting it or not say uploading a
corrected video or an apology video
clarifying what he lied to you about and
on the country he has a possible way out
here I think about the third sentence it
says dr. Greger referred to the
participants in the prostate study as
quote strolling vegans close quote so if
he wanted to he could admit that not
only he lied but that dr. Greger also
lied and no instead there's a total
refusal take responsibility
misrepresenting two of these studies as
being about veganism and being about
vegan diets and the impact of vegan
diets when as he is forced to admit here
in this text comment it is in all caps
not vegan you're lying to the public
Mike and if you're supposedly a health
research educator you tell me do you
want to just start a new religion do you
want to just start a religion that's
based on a sacred lie instead of based
on facts when someone points out to you
that you've put out a video endorsing
marijuana as harmless and that in fact
there's hard science showing that it
causes brain damage you write back to me
with a similar mix of lies and
self-effacing half-truths you're being a
real nice guy in this comment Mike I
really see the tactics you're employing
here you say oh gee why didn't I think
of this quote let's debunk this together
like we're on the same side no Mike
some of us are liars and some of us are
not some of us are masquerading as
science experts some of us are promoting
bunc pseudoscience to mislead the public
and some of us are being honest I don't
want part of a religion based on a lie I
don't want me part of a political
movement based on the light Mike the
vegan get your act together or quit now
but again from that from that research
all that research that have just been
blabbering on about oh you don't think I
would come along and say vegan blood
kills cancer it's a great statement and
it sounds good and there are some like
there are things indicating that but the
research is so confounding there's so
many confounding could it just be the
fish oils do people actually follow the
the study are people totally
bullshitting in the self assessment
questionnaires and they're not ones just
talking about it's actually dying
exercise and that I want exercise alone
have the same amount of effect as diet
and exercise boom win for the diets and
boom win for the exercise of me so yeah
let me know what you think if sometimes
there's a little bit of biased in the
way people read the results a bonus Yin